Hello everyone
then we are here to compare the two
not all objectives of the jacket
of the fs15 165 range the stm while
the other on 17 85 the 18135 measures 96 mm
in length and diameter of the filter and of
67 mm and weighs about 480 grams while the
17 85 in length measures 92 mm of
filter diameter is always 67 mm e
weighs about 475 grams and 18135 is composed
from sixteen the anti tv divided into 12 groups
at a minimum focusing distance
of 109 cm and the maximum magnification of 0
28 while 17 85 is composed of 17
art divided into 12 groups by one
minimum focusing distance of 35
cm maximum magnification of three red-hot
the diaphragm of 18135 is composed of
seven the valley and has a minimum opening
of 22 38 while that of 17 85 ha
composed of 6 is not a minimum opening
of 22 and 32 these features that them
make two targets quite poly
for macros but what differentiates them
substantially they are two systems of
autofocus and 18135 as mentioned
in the beginning a lot of finance now would have
of 165 a summer home of anne is
ideal for more videos since since
fluid and silent and knows it well
I answer ideal for photographs for
the videos has not much invited since
noises will be produced during the
focusing that some would find it
audio track of the recording for
let him understand better what I am
speaking
here comes a construction video
we will have to remedy the break six dates
2 hassans with an external microphone but
however the video would result from the fact
which is not much more and the omitted fire
let us know what you think instead
you me maybe what are yours
experiences with these goals
I go to everything to the next one